you know although Christmas is
celebrated all across the world the
majority the secular music for Christmas
is cold in winter related white
Christmas let it snow winter wonderland
but I was growing up in the land where
palm trees were swaying and where
Christmas was green and bright and one
day I heard being in the end position
boundary sway here we know that
Christmas will be green and bright and
so when it was my turn to have a
Christmas album there was one song in
the secular feel that was definitely
going to be on and because I ma Atlantic
and Caribbean type I've changed the
rhythm to be more of a caribbean-style
but this is for all the folks who grew
up with palm trees way and Christmas
green and bright
Oh
medically key Makka is the thing to say
on a bright Hawaiian Christmas Day that
the island greedy that we send to you
from the land where palm trees sway here
we know the Christmas will be green and
bright the Sun to shine by day and stars
at night Mele Kalikimaka is why
way to say Merry Christmas
Oh
la Kalikimaka is the thing to say on a
bright Hawaiian Christmas Day that's the
island greeting that we send to you from
the land where palm trees sway
here we know the Christmas will be
green abroad
he the Sun to shine by day started nine
le Kalikimaka is Hawaii's way to say
merry Christmas to you